hello everybody out in the greenhouse
this evening had quite a storm come
through dump oh I don't know quarter to
half inch of ice illness got everything
coated down pretty good got out here and
started a fire warming up the greenhouse
you probably can hear the sleeve now
hitting the greenhouse fam and all but
forgive me if style kind of nasally I've
been counted down with the head code
last couple of days our littlest one
she's down she's been sick for two days
it was 80 degrees this time yesterday we
wouldn't want to set in this greenhouse
for nothing but uh forced Texas weather
things change quickly but let me paint
the over here towards the garden and
show you what's going on over there
that's wise I don't know if you can
really see very good but you can see
that uh we've been coated pretty good
with some ice and sleet a little bit of
a mix of snow but mainly it's been a
freezing rain and sleet it's something
else to come out in the greenhouse
get you a fire going and get the
temperature in here up to about sixty
degrees really is a neat experience glad
I built this I haven't been able to get
everything I wanted to get done out here
done this year had a lot of stuff going
on some of you may know and and have
watched other videos me kind of
explaining what has went on here on the
homestead but uh it's just kind of
peaceful you know it's quiet in town
today nobody's really out driving around
here an airplane every once wild our
train go by but
winds been howling pretty good today got
a lot of exciting news to tell everybody
can't really share everything at this
point in time those of you then watch my
last video know that our company here
that I work for us so that's still on
the due diligence process I don't want
to really talk about that until that
that process is through looks like about
April 5th that's going to be that's
going to be the day that we close the
sale of the company but got some a lot
of exciting news and look forward to
sharing that with you guys watch the
last couple of videos I've got tomatoes
and peppers started tomatoes are up
hopefully when this video airs my
peppers will be uh peppers this time of
year take a while for me to get them
germinated I've got them on heat mats in
my shop let me show you the top of the
greenhouse it's covered nice as well
as you can see we're covered nice pretty
much the whole greenhouse and like I say
it's just kind of peaceful out here when
it's like this see some of those you may
not be able to identify them in the
video but we've got some hackberry trees
just to the east of us here next our
greenhouse and those crackles come in
this time of year and start eating those
berries and golly they make a mess you
sure don't want to leave your car out
underneath one of those trees this time
of year cuz they will sure mess it up
anyways guys I've got so much to share
with you guys like I say I can't really
deliberate on what's going on right now
pretty excited anxious scared all at the
same time I guess but just kind of
wanted to give you guys an update and
sure glad I got this community out there
it's been a really supportive to me and
my family and higher endeavors and I
really appreciate it guys I hope you
guys are having a great day in the next
video we'll see you guys later
you